Basic Introduction:

“I will need to ask you some questions to get a collective idea of what we are going to need to build, and we will be contacting you soon to discuss what can and cannot be included depending on our timeframe.”

Could you tell us a bit about yourself and your professional background?
What courses do you currently teach?

Sunny Socks: founded a long time ago - mission: make environment friendly and sustainable socks. Started off making environment friendly socks(thanks to global warming etc) 

Motto:  “Making the world more sustainable, one sock at a time”

Purpose and Goals:

What is the main purpose of the website?

Communicating and selling the products via the website, aggressively marketing this website through social media, broaden the customer base through social media

Are there specific goals you want the website to achieve?

Target Audience:

Who is the primary audience for the website?

People who care about the environment but don’t know how to translate this into concrete measures, socially conscious about preserving the environment

How do you want the audience to perceive the website?

Content Requirements:

What kind of content do you plan to host on the website (text, images, videos, etc.)?
Will you need any special features like blogs, calendars, or forums?

Social media campaigns.

Design Preferences:

Do you have any specific design preferences in terms of colors, layout, or style?
Are there any websites that you particularly admire or would like to emulate?

Simple layout, very user-friendly, usable for both mobile and desktop
Social Media accounts must be shown in the footer!
Functionality and Features:

What key features must be included on the website?
Are there any interactive elements or sections you envision?

Navigation Bar, Purchase functionality, Donate functionality

Usability:

How important is mobile responsiveness for your website?
What kind of navigation structure do you envision?

Dropdown navigation bar for mobile and normal navigation bar for desktop

Technical Considerations:

Do you have any specific platform or technology preferences for building the website?
Will you need multilingual support on the website?
English only so far

Budget and Resources: (Not in this case)

What is the budget for the website development? get back to us so far
Are there existing resources (like texts, images, logos) that can be utilized?

In Blackboard

Timeline and Milestones:

What is the timeline for the website project?
Are there specific milestones or phases of the project you have in mind?

Maintenance and Updates: (SKIP)

Who will be responsible for maintaining and updating the website after it's launched?
How frequently do you anticipate the website needing updates?
Communication and Feedback:

How often would you like to receive updates about the project?
What is your preferred method of communication?

Legal and Accessibility:
work together with local farmers

Are there any compliance requirements like accessibility or data protection laws that the website must adhere to?
yes 
“Sunny Socks on the move”
Do you foresee needing any legal disclaimers or privacy policies on the site?
Yes

Domain and Hosting:

Do you already own a domain name, or will you need help acquiring one?
Do you have a hosting provider in mind or need recommendations?

Performance and Security:

What are your expectations for website load time and performance?
What security features are essential for you?

SEO and Marketing: (SKIP)

Will search engine optimization (SEO) be a priority for the website?
Do you plan to integrate any social media or marketing tools? yes

Past Experiences:

Have you previously had a website? What did you like and dislike about it?
What have been your biggest challenges with online platforms in the past?

Future Vision:

Where do you see this project going in the next 5 years?
expand globally (Slowly)
Are there any potential expansions or additional functionalities you might want later?

Decision Making:

Who will be the main point of contact and decision-maker for this project?
How are decisions typically made in your department or team?

Expectations and Concerns:

What are your biggest concerns regarding this project?
What do you hope to learn or achieve through this project?

wants to transfer to a new audience one sock at a time.
add a donate option when purchasing a product
when choosing a pair of socks, choose which type of wool they would like to use.
